Generate a default `favicon.ico` in `public` folder, don't generate one on compile (#2625)
wasp-lang/wasp: waspc/ChangeLog.md

# Changelog

> ## 0.16.4

Reviewer: I'd adjust the title to `Unreleased` which @cprecioso used in couple of his PRs and it makes sense

Reviewer: You'd have to do that anyways since it's a merge conflict, so it will sort itself out

### ⚠️ Breaking Changes

- In the `usernameAndPassword` authentication method, the function `login()` imported from `wasp/client/auth` now accepts an object with `username` and `password` instead of two separate arguments ([#2598](https://github.com/wasp-lang/wasp/pull/2598)).

> - Wasp will no longer generate `favicon.ico` on compile if there is none in `public` directory, instead new wasp projects will start with a default `favicon.ico` in the `public` folder. ([#1979](https://github.com/wasp-lang/wasp/pull/1979)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Wasp will no longer generate `favicon.ico` on compile if there isn't one in the `public` directory. New Wasp projects will start with a default `favicon.ico` in the `public` directory, instead. ([#1979](https://github.com/wasp-lang/wasp/pull/1979)).
```

> - Wasp will no longer automatically add a favicon `<link>` tag to the `index.html`, instead it will be provided by default in the `wasp.config`'s `head` property for the new projects. ([#1979](https://github.com/wasp-lang/wasp/pull/1979)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Wasp will no longer automatically add a favicon `<link>` tag to the `index.html`. The `<link>` tag will be included by default in the `main.wasp` for new projects. ([#1979](https://github.com/wasp-lang/wasp/pull/1979)).
```

### 🔧 Small improvements

> - Show a friendlier error when there are no routes defined in the wasp file ([#2643](https://github.com/wasp-lang/wasp/pull/2643)).

Reviewer: Auto format?

Author: No, I've seen older versions had them so I manually re-added them for all missing ones
